every now and then we take some time to
pit senior versus junior in a battle of
the ages and it's time to do it again
it's time to play generation gap
my cousin sound was standing by hello
cousins now it's happening Jimmy is now
a part of Thursday night NFL football on
Fox so congratulations to you so that's
right Jimmy let me just say I you know
it's funny thing I ran into our boss Bob
Iger in the greenroom he held me the
filthiest joke What did he say no way
he's going to sit down with you it's so
now that you got the job at Fox you can
say what I guess all right well let's
meet our contestants first up a seventh
grader from Sherman Oaks California
please say hello to Noah Grizz Mar hello
no pretty good pretty good
how old are you know 12 years old Wow
yeah one of our producers told me your
your mom calls you grandpa yeah she says
I'm a 40 year old trapped in a kid's
body so well that's perfect for this
game your challenger tonight Noah is a
fellow los Angelino and member of the
powerful West Hollywood senior committee
please say hello to Pat Nixon hello Pat
[Applause]
I hope I might be rubra may I ask your
age I'm one year after 80 81 years old
we've got a 69 year gap here between our
contestants and that's why we call it
generation gap and the way the game
works is I am gonna ask about something
from your opponent's generation or close
to it whoever gets the most answers
right about the other person's
generation wins do you understand all
right let's play and our first question
is for Pat Pat who is this actor playing
the Joker you know a lot about pop
culture no oh just thought all right no
next question is for you you could tie
it here Noah who is this actor playing
the Joker it's not it's not Heath Ledger
it's not no not Jared Leto no I can see
his mustache but yeah they did they did
just cover
he couldn't even shave his mustache for
this he just painted white give it a
guess Noah
it's like Caesar or something oh no
that's you know what I'm gonna give that
to you
well done Wow
these can be our best contestants yet
the next question is for Noah again know
what is the common name for the fake
sets of teeth
older people put in their mouths
dentures that Jesus can pat what is the
common name for the gold sets of teeth
wrappers put in their mouths
red what did you say crimp or grid oh
you're so so close come on give it to
her now a crib is a house Pat you would
never put a house in your mouth all
right we have a tie game we're gonna get
back to the rules now Pat name this
cartoon duo Oh be Beavis and Butthead
oh no that is not correct Noah that is
Rick and Morty Rick and Morty is
absolutely
next question is for Noah Noah named
this cartoon duo Tom and Jerry Wow you
really have been inhabited by the soul
of an old man haven't you yeah
definitely all right do you get up a lot
to pee in the night yeah yes I do all
right
no one the next question is again for
you know what does HBO stand for Harry
broadcast orientation you were so so
close to packed what does HBO stand
back in the game pad the next question
is for you to Pat what does lmao stand
for
wow this is exciting we've got a tie
game
our next question it's four packs okay
Pat this singer shares a name with which
planet Noah you thought you're running
away with this thing but no Noah this
cartoon dog shares his name with which
planets the one on the screen well Pluto
I see what you're saying no there is
some discussion as to whether or not
Pluto is a planet correct yeah oh boy I
honestly don't think so
a very opinionated young man all right
well we've got a tie game and ends now
let's go to our final question our final
set of questions all right are you ready
yep all right the question is going to
be on our video screen pay attention
okay the first question is for Noah yeah
what is the name of this TV show
starring me what is the name of that TV
show starring Danny DeVito no I know
Always Sunny in Philadelphia that is
Noel you've just given Pat her next
answer but did you want to take a guess
look at the picture Oh taxi whoa Pat you
just didn't know the answer I think
we're gonna call this a tie what do you
say Danny yeah
[Applause]
or a be rested for you Pat we've got a
new Apple watch and no for yang we've
got an old pocket watch
[Music]
generation gap I am Jimmy Kimmel click
below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though